README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">Quests</h1>

<p align="center">
  The open-source app builder that builds and runs apps on your computer using any LLM.
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://quests.dev?ref=github-readme-quests"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Download%20Quests-0e4bbd?logo=data:image/svg+xml;base64,PHN2ZyB3aWR0aD0iMjQiIGhlaWdodD0iMjQiIHZpZXdCb3g9IjAgMCAyNCAyNCIgZmlsbD0ibm9uZSIgeG1sbnM9Imh0dHA6Ly93d3cudzMub3JnLzIwMDAvc3ZnIj4KPHBhdGggZD0iTTEyIDV2MTRtNy03LTcgNy03LTciIHN0cm9rZT0id2hpdGUiIHN0cm9rZS13aWR0aD0iMiIgc3Ryb2tlLWxpbmVjYXA9InJvdW5kIiBzdHJva2UtbGluZWpvaW49InJvdW5kIi8+Cjwvc3ZnPg==&logoColor=white" alt="Download Quests"></a>
  <a href="https://quests.dev/discord"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Join%20our%20Discord-5865f2?logo=discord&logoColor=white" alt="Join our Discord"></a>
  <a href="https://x.com/quests_dev"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/@quests__dev-000000?logo=x&logoColor=white" alt="Follow us on X"></a>
</p>

![Quests Mac App](.github/assets/mac-app-1.png)

## Features

- 🔗 Bring your own key (BYOK) - OpenAI, Anthropic, Google, OpenRouter, Mistral, Groq, xAI, DeepSeek, Ollama, and 20+ more
- 💻 Desktop app - Apps are built and run locally on your machine
- 🌟 Open source - Apache 2.0 licensed, high quality, and tested
- 🤖 Coding agent - State-of-the-art performance with targeted edits and real-time linting
- 🏗️ Multiple projects - Build and run multiple full-stack applications simultaneously
- 📂 Version control - Built-in versioning with restoration
- 📤 Exportable apps - Full-stack apps that can run anywhere
- 🧬 Evals - Compare outputs from multiple models and apps with built-in and custom prompts
- 📑 Templates - Discover page with open source templates for React, Angular, Astro, Svelte, and more
- 🔌 Custom providers - Support for custom OpenAI-compatible providers and multiple instances of the same provider

## [Download Quests](https://quests.dev)

Download the desktop app at [quests.dev](https://quests.dev).

All you need is an AI provider API key - everything runs locally on your computer.

Quests supports macOS, Windows, and Linux.

---

## Contributing

> [!IMPORTANT]
> **AI Assistance**
>
> Quests itself can be used for vibe coding, but the project is **not** vibe coded.
>
> If you use any AI assistance while contributing, this must be disclosed in your pull request along with the extent of usage (e.g., "code generation" vs "documentation only").

We welcome high-quality contributions.

- No messy or unfinished code
- Use conventional commit messages (e.g. `feat: add new feature`)
- Run `pnpm check-and-test` to validate your changes

### Monorepo

Quests is organized as a monorepo with the following structure:

- **[@quests/studio](./apps/studio/)** - Electron desktop app for Quests
- **[@quests/workspace](./packages/workspace/)** - Core AI agents, workflow logic, and workspace management
- **[@quests/ai-gateway](./packages/ai-gateway/)** - Local AI gateway for the coding agent and user-built apps
- **[@quests/shim-client](./packages/shim-client/)** - Locally injected control plane for user apps

### Development Setup

You'll need:

- **[Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)** ≥ 22.16.0
- **[pnpm](https://pnpm.io/)**

Then:

```shell
# Clone the repository with submodules
git clone --recursive https://github.com/quests-org/quests.git
cd quests

# Install dependencies
pnpm install

# Start the studio in development mode
pnpm dev:studio
```

## Dependencies

- `@types/node` locked in package.json to avoid constant `pnpm dedupe --check` failures.

## License

Quests is licensed under the Apache 2.0 license. See [LICENSE](./LICENSE) for more information.

Commit message:

dx: use pnpm to manage node version

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">Quests</h1>

<p align="center">
  The open-source app builder that builds and runs apps on your computer using any LLM.
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://quests.dev?ref=github-readme-quests"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Download%20Quests-0e4bbd?logo=data:image/svg+xml;base64,PHN2ZyB3aWR0aD0iMjQiIGhlaWdodD0iMjQiIHZpZXdCb3g9IjAgMCAyNCAyNCIgZmlsbD0ibm9uZSIgeG1sbnM9Imh0dHA6Ly93d3cudzMub3JnLzIwMDAvc3ZnIj4KPHBhdGggZD0iTTEyIDV2MTRtNy03LTcgNy03LTciIHN0cm9rZT0id2hpdGUiIHN0cm9rZS13aWR0aD0iMiIgc3Ryb2tlLWxpbmVjYXA9InJvdW5kIiBzdHJva2UtbGluZWpvaW49InJvdW5kIi8+Cjwvc3ZnPg==&logoColor=white" alt="Download Quests"></a>
  <a href="https://quests.dev/discord"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Join%20our%20Discord-5865f2?logo=discord&logoColor=white" alt="Join our Discord"></a>
  <a href="https://x.com/quests_dev"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/@quests__dev-000000?logo=x&logoColor=white" alt="Follow us on X"></a>
</p>

![Quests Mac App](.github/assets/mac-app-1.png)

## Features

- 🔗 Bring your own key (BYOK) - OpenAI, Anthropic, Google, OpenRouter, Mistral, Groq, xAI, DeepSeek, Ollama, and 20+ more
- 💻 Desktop app - Apps are built and run locally on your machine
- 🌟 Open source - Apache 2.0 licensed, high quality, and tested
- 🤖 Coding agent - State-of-the-art performance with targeted edits and real-time linting
- 🏗️ Multiple projects - Build and run multiple full-stack applications simultaneously
- 📂 Version control - Built-in versioning with restoration
- 📤 Exportable apps - Full-stack apps that can run anywhere
- 🧬 Evals - Compare outputs from multiple models and apps with built-in and custom prompts
- 📑 Templates - Discover page with open source templates for React, Angular, Astro, Svelte, and more
- 🔌 Custom providers - Support for custom OpenAI-compatible providers and multiple instances of the same provider

## [Download Quests](https://quests.dev)

Download the desktop app at [quests.dev](https://quests.dev).

All you need is an AI provider API key - everything runs locally on your computer.

Quests supports macOS, Windows, and Linux.

---

## Contributing

> [!IMPORTANT]
> **AI Assistance**
>
> Quests itself can be used for vibe coding, but the project is **not** vibe coded.
>
> If you use any AI assistance while contributing, this must be disclosed in your pull request along with the extent of usage (e.g., "code generation" vs "documentation only").

We welcome high-quality contributions.

- No messy or unfinished code
- Use conventional commit messages (e.g. `feat: add new feature`)
- Run `pnpm check-and-test` to validate your changes

### Monorepo

Quests is organized as a monorepo with the following structure:

- **[@quests/studio](./apps/studio/)** - Electron desktop app for Quests
- **[@quests/workspace](./packages/workspace/)** - Core AI agents, workflow logic, and workspace management
- **[@quests/ai-gateway](./packages/ai-gateway/)** - Local AI gateway for the coding agent and user-built apps
- **[@quests/shim-client](./packages/shim-client/)** - Locally injected control plane for user apps

### Development Setup

You'll need:

- **[pnpm](https://pnpm.io/)**

Then:

```shell
# Clone the repository with submodules
git clone --recursive https://github.com/quests-org/quests.git
cd quests

# Install dependencies and Node version used for project
pnpm install

# Open VSCode/Cursor and use the debugger to start the Studio
# debug 🐛 Studio
# View ./.cursor/launch.json for more launch options

# Or, start the studio in the terminal with:
pnpm dev:studio
```

## Dependencies

- `@types/node` locked in package.json to avoid constant `pnpm dedupe --check` failures.

## License

Quests is licensed under the Apache 2.0 license. See [LICENSE](./LICENSE) for more information.
